All righty, so I'm getting
a bit excited here,
I'm ready to test it out,
I want to see this code running.
All right, so back in my browser here,
billing address section,
swing down
and hit purchase.
Swing back up to the top,
and all right, success.
So all of the fields here
have an entry here,
that country is required.
Good, good, I like it.
I like it.
And we can also add data
and everything kind of
works out as desired.
Well, not exactly as desired,
because I've seen a bug.
Look at this,
the only inner one character
near this blank error message.
Hmm!
What's up with that?
I think I know.
So some of the fields
had a requirement for min length.
But we didn't add any displays
or error messages
to handle the case for min length.
So we need to make the updates for that
right here in this section.
So that's why we had the issue.
So it knew it was an error.
But it didn't display the message
because we didn't have
the appropriate code, ooh, yikes,
but no problems,
we can fix it.
We know how to solve this.
So we simply need to check
for the error code of min length.
So billingaddressZipCode.errors.mainland.
And then I need to say, hey,
we need a minimum
of two characters
for blah, blah, blah.
So at least two characters are required.
And now if I swing back over,
and now if I only type one character,
it is okay,
at least two characters are required.
Okay, good.
So that's my bug.
So that works.
We fixed it.
But we need to apply this same thing
to all of the other fields
that had the min length item on it.
But no problems,
just a matter of just doing
a little quick copy-paste on that
to get things up and going.
But I want to make sure
I'm using the same text here
for the length.
So let's see here.
Okay, so last name must be
at least two characters.
So I'll use that same thing down here.
So here, I'll say zip code must be
at least two characters long
just to have the same messaging
across the board.
So I'll just kind of take this item
and I'll use it
in the other fields.
So just kind of follow along with me
and we'll make
the appropriate updates.
So pretty much on any field
that has regular text
that the user can enter
as far as typing
than we need to handle for this.
So that's for city,
something here for streets.
And let's see,
country is okay
because that's a drop-down list.
And, up to the top of shipping address
and so we'll apply this for
street, city
and zip code.
So this is shipping address,
so shipping address street.
Add the code here for city
and also for zip code.
All righty, so those are the updates here
to handle for min length
as well as the error messages.
So now all of the other fields
on the forms are A-okay
and we're good to go.
So we can do just a quick test here.
So street.
Shows us that message.
Zip code, we're in good shape.
So that bug fix worked out
just fine for us.
So I like to say,
good job, my friend.